# Testing for server
## Documentation for integration testing for server

### connect to the basic client file provided:
1. using miniclient.c from the support directory: it worked the first time, yipee!! Was able to connect using port number generated by the server

### send a message to the miniclient:
1. This also worked the first time for the OK message. However, I ran into some issues when it came to sending grid and display messages
2. We did some more work in the grid module, which is where we found the issue. We fixed an issue with how we were storing grid. Now it sends the display message correctly
    We are still having some issues with how we send display though.
3. We fixed the display issues, which were arising from a problem in visibility.
The display issues came back later

### visibility for player: 
1. The grid being sent to client is always the full grid and not just the small visible part of the grid that the player is supposed to see.
2. we fixed the order of function calls in server for how we send the player's grid and that fixed it
3. Now we are having issues with the server crashing every time it tries to send a display.


### testing spectator 
1. running into an issue with storing the IPaddress. Server can't send messages to the spectator (this issue doesn't happen with player).

### display debugging
1. Our display message was working for player(not spectator though), but we changed something to help with grid, and it started crashing the program every time we send a display message.
We were using a pointer to an address and trying to dereference that address to send messages to client. We changed our implementation so that we are just storing addresses instead of pointers to addresses. This fixed our issues with sending messages correctly without crashing. 

### Issues with player movement:
1. we had issues with player movement where it doesn't quite work as intended or the player moves in an unintended direction.
We realized that the math was faulty, we fixed some issues with the way we handle x and y coordinates and it fixed player movement issues.
2. Our player dash gets stuck in an infinite loop because we use a while loop to find out if it's a wall. 